# FormApprovalCalculator

The MS Society of Canada uses a 2-step approval process for many of their Financial forms (e.g. expense form, vendor payment form, client services payment form, payment requisition form). Once a user submits a form to a SharePoint 2010 form library (each form has its own form library), an email is automatically sent to their manager, asking for their approval. The managers then open the form from the form library, and can select button labelled as "Approve". Then, an automated email is sent out to the Finance department, letting them know that the user's form is now ready for their approval in the 2-step process. Staff in the Finance department approve the form; the approval process is now complete and money can be properly allocated. Though there are only two approvers per form, if there are any delays in getting the managers' or Finance team's approval, the process can take upto several days or weeks. 

This project was created in order to encourage managers and Finance team members to monitor the number of days it takes them to approve a form. From each of the four SP2010 form library, one can export an Excel file that SharePoint compiles that outlines the details of each item/form submitted to the library (i.e. manager approval date, finance approval date; view "csp (prior to calculation)" as an example of an exported Excel file). Users can submit the directory string in which the exported Excel files lie. It then calls for Calculator.py to, as the name suggests, calculate the average number of days for the manager and finance to approve each form in the library. These values are then displayed on the GUI. 
